onBinChange documentation (#106)
mercadopago/sdk-js: API/bricks/card-payment.md

|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------|-----|----|
| `onReady` | It is called when the brick finishes loading | **REQUIRED** | `void` | `void` |
| `onError` | It is called when there is an error in the Brick | **REQUIRED** |  `BrickError` | `void` |
| `onSubmit` | It is called when the user clicks on the submit button | **OPTIONAL** | `CardData`, `AdditionalData` | `Promise<void>` |

> | `onBinChange` | It is called when the user fills in the card's BIN | **OPTIONAL** |  `bin` | `void` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onBinChange` | It is called when the user fills or update card's BIN (first 8 digits) | **OPTIONAL** |  `bin` | `void` |
```
